fix: corrected initial setup instructions (#5095)
monicahq/monica: docs/contribute/readme.md

We've installed the development version with [Valet](https://laravel.com/docs/valet), which is a Laravel development environment for Mac minimalists. It works really well and is extremely fast, much faster than Homestead.

<a id="markdown-instructions" name="instructions"></a>

### asdf (macOS)

You can use [asdf](https://asdf-vm.com/#/) to install a version of php for monica:

```bash
asdf install
asdf reshim

> pecl install redis
> pecl install imagick
> echo "extension=redis.so
> extension=imagick.so" > $(asdf where php)/conf.d/php.ini

Reviewer: We removed imagick dependency recently
```suggestion
pecl install redis
echo "extension=redis.so" > $(asdf where php)/conf.d/php.ini
```

Once the above softwares are installed (or if you've finished the installation of Homestead/Valet):

1. Create a database called `monica` in your mySQL instance.
    1. `mysql -e "CREATE DATABASE monica";` inside mySQL.
    2. If you use Homestead (which uses Vagrant under the hood), `vagrant ssh` will let you login as root inside your VM.
2. Setup the application environment:
    1. `composer install --no-interaction` to install all packages.
       - Due to an issue with VirtualBox, you may encounter an error at this step due to a plug-in called `package-versions`. If this happens, delete the /vendor folder that was created and run `composer install --no-interaction --no-plugins --no-scripts` instead.
       - See this [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/laravel/homestead/issues/1240) for more information.

>        - This runs `cp .env.example .env` to create your own version of all the environment variables needed for the project to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - Run `cp .env.example .env` to create your own version of all the environment variables needed for the project to work.
```
